# This is a readme file for the 0x02-functions nested loops directory

0. 0-putchar.c: Is a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.

1. 1-alphabet.c:  Is a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line

2. 2-print_alphabet_x10.c: a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

3. 3-islower.c: Is a function that checks for lowercase character.

4. 4-isalpha.c: Is a function that checks for alphabetic character.

5. 5-sign.c: Is a function that prints the sign of a number.

6. 6-abs.c: Is a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

7. 7-print_last_digit.c: Is a function that prints the last digit of a number.

8. 8-24_hours.c: Is a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

9. 9-times_table.c: Is a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

10. 10-add.c: Is a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

11. 11-print_to_98.c: Is a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

12. 100-times_table.c: Is a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.

13. 101-natural.c: If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

14. 102-fibonacci.c: Is a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

15. 103-fibonacci.c: Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

16. 104-fibonacci.c: Is a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
